                        The luainputenc LaTeX2e package


luainputenc is an adaptation of inputenc for LuaTeX, as the old inputenc does
not work (at all) with the LuaTeX engine.

You need luatextra to use this package.

Please note that you have to use this package even for UTF-8 encoded sources.
This is needed for compatibility with non-Unicode fonts and may be worked around
in the future.

This package automatically calls the old inputenc when running with pdfTeX, and
xetex-inputenc when running XeTeX, so you can safely use it with all your
documents.

Please see luatextra-reference.pdf for an introduction.
                   
This package is developed on <http://github.com/mpg/luainputenc>, see the 'News'
file for version history.

Installation
------------

Here are the recommended installation methods (preferred first).

1. If you are using TeX Live 2008 or later, use 'tlmgr install luainputenc'.
Alternatively, try your (TeX or Linux) distribution's package management system.

2. a. Grab luainputenc.tds.zip on the CTAN.
   b. Unzip it at the root of one or your TDS trees.
   c. You may need to update some filename database after, see your TeX
distribution's manual for details.

3. a. Grab the sources from CTAN or github.
   b. Run 'make install TEXMFROOT=/path/to/texmf'.
   c. See 2c.

4. Try to figure it out by looking at the Makefile and comments in the sources.


Manifest
--------

Source files:
        luainputenc.dtx         the single file source & doc

Derived files:
        luainputenc.pdf         the documentation
        luainputenc.sty         the LaTeX package
        luainputenc.lua         the lua functions for encoding translation
        lutf8.def               replacement for utf8.def
        lutf8x.def              idem, with new functionalities for Unicode fonts
        inputenc.sty.diff:      patch for inputenc.sty to load luainputenc
                                automatically if running LuaTeX

License
-------

This work is under the CC0 license, with an additional restriction: 
the article 6 of the LaTeX Project Public License (lppl), that applies to code
that has been taken from LaTeX files.

You can find the text of the lppl at

The lppl can be found at http://www.latex-project.org/lppl.txt

You can find the CC0 full text at

http://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/legalcode

The file luainputenc.dtx contains code with the lppl restriction as well as the
derived files
  luainputenc.sty
  luainputenc.pdf
  lutf8.def
  lutf8x.def

For further details about their license, please see the comments in these files.

The other derived files are
  luainputenc.lua
  inputenc.sty.diff
  
These files are under the CC0 license only.

